USE TO PRODUCE SKILLS . Skis are workflowmanagers
The skill isnti use and lroduce workflow
Recursive mindmspoer
Purpose?

###
THIS IS ABOUT STATE
LLM DOES JOT REQUEST RESPONSE IT IS IN A GRAPH AND IS A STATE TRANSFORMING THING NODE HELP ME IN THE USERGRSPH OR ADMIN GRAPG

Hypergrapg gpu all virtual edges in comtainer
Passing stqte glossary manifest manuscript 
Buzz bulshit
Drop it in the metadatacontainer
Build up from bottom. Structured rebuild.
Hypergraph
Mive to topnlevel node root container it is only context when hit moos/ (is uberfunction having all args. Webleave oop not box system but flow. Bc then you optimze data interface flow by categorie and functor

Foegetvthe dots and boxes oop stuff its the flow x the interface is the data


Denk ingoud pc specs en lijsten met verschillemde soorten specs

Use examples enum clasification structured metadata although that is semantics dishuised as synatx its delcaritive not imp but for finabilty usefull when reger to known conventions enum etc buld yours skill here in collider hypergraph. Connect sem to syn report performance. Yse examples are bridge. Check also article. This is bottom

Neurosymboilc

Hypergraph hypervector. Datachannel

Imterface port diameter functor flow through hypergraph calc hypervector or wffram how calculate max

Morfims state 
Permitted morfism  functions parameters lromt parts temp

The node in collider hypergraph is nothing it is a busttop for state, carries the edhes the arrows to nrw state, if stae then change is bc node therefore contaier and stupid metafata

Intent skull tool als spec s of spec typical engineering bushut when leople start interfacing in running proces. You get organized workspaces that prove but are surrounded by unnoticed metadat irl.

So thats missi g. Fill that in container and separate

Not reason on, but dag.and findabilty is function of graph metadat node 

A node n ( lets saynodeid# as in intantiated a specic node object in clider hyp. , is a acces controlled index to metadata. And also has in and ou edges. Its these morphism, thatvare accescontrolled and locally controlled acces by any argument or even environment dependant non lineair. . This is the dna and gwoth . Morphology byw. At for ex buildin time when user grabs tos mind the cycles circ deps same, then this is 1 big sea. Morfism are owned or acceses shared an locally based to. We need to analyze this categorically to see the dichotmy code dependacy data dep. Templlyebruntime dif cycles is the thing 
Circ dep is bulshit
Is oop diff look this dichotmy and crucila in sem sun deb

Engineers to locally and not categiric. The try meta but firget rec soin factit is about funcring models not interface patching ans sem layering without vonventions its not relal life where that works but this is how unstructured data works outside conventions and terms and interface and label and review and etc then this meta system irl. Yrspine the parys to dig means mess.rebuild"tools" better fkrmizle knowldledge intent skill whatever as structure graph toplogi. Whatwver consider state instead of oop with messy contract, mive to ireal interface which is "pydantic fata" or create model or graph itsself then time is go e and sate in t  is the data not jn part. Place so nodes gone. Metafat separate. Metadata describe what state yransiotn should do then edge give direct. Next node if sny is just a timepoint not location. Here state passen to other morf. Therefore nide is necqssary for id and index to metadata and pointer to code or graph look this up

Node edge node: <has edges xyz to nodes 1 2 3, is owned by. Is shared with, sets temp to value, passe to model valu paratmeter

Reducer en dje andere? Want hoe zit het dan als we oop dependencies in graph beschouwen. Nou dat zijn hesiste morfisms. Morfismveranderen state en zhebben eigenschaplen In cillider kind domain. Purpose what is does playfully suerimposed as semantic roof on top of skill but only in rokt ie only container.N
No
T even the passto model should be a container as an object reprs of dat ie within invication span

Wrong approach bc unpredict. And findumanetally wronf bc discrte provincial incidental right.



Its the locally available set that counts category. Wrapped in container. Its is metadat that is container not logic it holds pointer to logic, .i.e its edges (consider hypergraph) and edges have ownership and properties.of statechanig type.

Focus on edges and interface

Available vs connect ones. Other metadata orneurologics

Fecursive edges nods recursive morf and objects? Categories are group of morf . And these morf can be groups of morfs. Anywhere ther is a group also 1, but at any state pass with or without reduce a new nodeobjectcontainer is needed for state change. 

A node is dict st or object whatever that has edges to other nodes in user hypergraph.  Also collidergraph. What does that mean . That is runtime vs virtual or hypergraph right
Calculate build in hypergraph

Location vs structure. Local toolavailabilty for lack of better terms is more env based avaialbilty. So depending on where you are jn usergraph is diff tools or better morfisms
Better: in a fixed rules like morfism addnode or add 10 noes and set interfaces versus. If no edges then aplly edges etc. So lineair vs nin lin

Now: where it began: the node needs a container in postgr db just with id. Period

It can be a root then no edges point to kt

If you define the data categorically you solve the interface problem and generalize ai comm by creating superset ie collider categorie aka structurally as tree structures with index parameters as ai prococol and omtize bandwith jssues. Assymetric also. By aknolidgeing tbe topological state of data rather than moving boxes of diffrent si w

Who own state. So its userstate or system sate.

Btw ITS SPAWN GRAPH NOT NODE REACE ADD NODE BY GRAPH!!!
Its a hyoergraph whatvuser buils and at any end of morf choice to pick avail aother oe based on rules. Per
Ecursiveness is oop too. Graph Is bottnode is kustbend of edges or just cause of adges its state it passe right so ux start hypergraph add node, ie graph bc tree can too from template or just inflate with pathrules and empty, so start node choose morf reduce multiple nodes appear picknides but for some nodes pic different morfs for same node other end. Jere graph split. Now each addnode is of course topologically a graph in itself ie e a tree with multiple nodes so redcer and the other that is oop like maybe but anyway  the multiple nodes can not only have there edges bit also sets of edges to same node not just multiple edges to diff so here we have multiple edge to 1 noede hypergraph to diff states versus previous multiple nodes frome same node structurally topo whatever help me here. Virtual? Its the same. Thing. 1 node multi edges all diff nodesredcer? Split state transition parallel in tme or just another way of build time or travelsal time memlocation but what dimensions... pucture the bubbles in space just starting is a road bc you pick a category an interface in the graph so whatabout the mailliosn of all other composed atomic nodes so to saynow thypergraph solves that. By placing the diff states in the same nide instad of topologically.  Its start nide pick edges to snodes, so start graph and graph can have topological starte transfer and each nod can be hypernode havi g states at same memory lkcation btetter term its like having allntools in hand instead of 1 and restvin belt

S thats oop. End. Category theory and then hypervector and functional programming to process the rigid logic of the numerous graphs in the hypergraph instead of just 1 topological one then gpu. Thats tornning tooo

NOT STATELES NOT STATELESS THEREFORE COMM PROTOCOL BEAT MCP AND OPENAI NOW. ITS IS THE ASSYMETRIC CREATEMODELFROMRECURAIVEHYPERGRAPHINTERFACE WHAT DETERMINES THE FLOW!!
##'
PURPOSE KIND INTERFACE PORTS CHANNEL WS WEBRTS STUDY KNOWLEDGE VS RETRIEVIBG KNOWLEDGY N MINUS 1 VS .5N2 ETC. CONTINUOUS FLOW. MEYADATACONTAINERS SEMANTICLAYERING SEPARATED WITH ALL NODE PROPERTIES LIKE ALL EDGES! AUTH USER CRUD USERGRAPH TS USERNKDE IN COLLIDER HYPERGRAPH. ITS ONLY CALLED CONTAINER AT ROOT LEVEL SO MOOS

##

