no lets just mock a runtime graph server. Its needed only later on to run tools and produce composite definitions.



also I want to connect the graphbuilder to the container view and add graph logic, to nodes. 

You see these containers are infact not just workspace to run tools in, but also the blank context objects for users to put canvasobjects in (for now, later also tools if usercontext permits), from external source (for now from their own disk) to collider disk system. So if containers exits as output and as input vehicle, as as (additional) context to the pilot (cached), then they are first class citizens too. Pilots need containers. So back to connecting graph to container, is the interisting part. 

If we would have another view application, next to the containerview and the canvas view, like the graphbuilder view. This new graph view would show edges, nodes, steps, conditions essentially. No recursice dependency like in a container view is the case with nested containers. That why I kept these "child containers" (1 time use of this term..). Imagine shared containers filled by users with tools and canvas. They would run as context for pilots, but we shift to graph view and see that there are no edges yet. We have moved from dependancies to an agent in OOP using tools with their I/O to a network waiting to be connected and to process input variables over edges, to output. Agent versus machine. Now, the content, tools and canvas in container can be seen also as the actual logic behind the tooldefinitions (code, pydqantic description of the tool, tooldecorator registry def? I call it atomic defintions), and the actual input variables, i.e the files, inside the canvasses waiting to be wired together by conditional steps/edges, i.e. graph logic, so the machine can be run. But it hasnt been yet. No reason not to store these atomic nodes together as 1 subnode (made that up) in a flat index, and extend the graph from these atomic nodes to a subgraph. Then hop from the first container to its parent and realize the parent already has more containers in it. the content, tools and canvas in container. Now this  parent container, could also be seen as the actual logic behind the tooldefinitions (code, pydqantic description of the tool, tooldecorator registry def? I call it atomic defintions), and the actual input variables, i.e the files, inside the canvasses waiting to be wired together by conditional steps/edges, i.e. graph logic, so the machine can be run. But it hasnt been yet. My point is the graph doenst care about dependancies or subgraphs, it runs graph logic over edges with input variables and atomic I/O defintion. It can however store any dataflow of any tool (i define tools as a stateless operator on data) but also any additional relation between nodes. For a graph organizational degree emerges from the surfaceedges encapsulating nodes that have more edges than others. So the graphbuilder could characterize the organization of a suggraph/node by degree, edges:nodes and flavour, type of edges. While a container declares its dependancies (atomic definitions in containers, held by other containers, etc). Now suppose we use the graphbuilder (user with AI in UX small or algoritmicaly with scripts/GPU's huge) and connect these definitions and calculate the different I/O's of each wiring. 